fuck
Jiro, aren't you a TV series ninja?
Why are you panicking now?
Don't scare me!
I'll give you all my money.
I don't want money.
I need something special I don't buy unreal
That's not what I'm talking about.
Do you know a person named Cao Ling?
What's your relationship with him?
Cao Ling, his general
I only know that he is at the frontier
But your ninja god
But it has something to do with him
Are you sure you don't know Cao Ling's bodyguard?
I just brought a bunch of ninja sisters to talk about shame
Ninjas are our high expectations
Ninja Stop Success Fail Luxury
You must be recruiting depositors.
Then you are useless
Wait a minute.
Ah, what are you in a hurry?
He hasn't lifted the seal for me yet
I'm sorry I'm fast
Let's talk about the seal
You creepy little creep
First let me fish for law enforcement
Now you break your promise and don't lift the seal for me
Did I apologize to you?
I'm a little faster
I will help you find a way to lift the seal.
Yes or no?
I know I'm not as good as you
But I have my way
Is for you to keep your promise
Ouch me
How is Mr. Gao?
Ah, why is Liao Fantian bleeding?
What just happened?